The refluxate may be more acidic than the intragastric content.
Body mass index was significantly lower in the laparoscopic Nissen fundoplication group than in the PPI group.
By doing so, the number of disease genes per family will be much greater than the number of genes per disease.
It seems counter intuitive that the protein-protein interaction was more informative than the pathway network.
It was found that quality of protein interaction data was more important than its volume.
The fatality of suicide attempts is also higher in bd than in the general population.
The results showed that our strategy was more advantageous than the hypergeometric distribution method .
Recently, it has been suggested that sc precursors may be more beneficial than scs from newborn rodents.
These estimates of efficacy are more conservative than those reported in a previous review.
The size of the gap in the cord is also larger at this stage than at all other stages .
Studies in rat models revealed that escitalopram was less effective than fluoxetine in reducing withdrawal symptoms.
These double-knockout mice are significantly smaller than their single-gene null parents and show much more severe muscle disease.
Body mass index was significantly lower in the laparoscopic Nissen fundoplication group than in the PPI group.
Upper esophageal sphincter pressure was lower in the laparoscopic Nissen fundoplication group than in the PPI group.
Median distal esophageal Mean nocturnal baseline impedance was lower in the acid reflux group  than in the NAR  or no abnormal reflux groups.
The 325 distal reflux episodes were significantly more frequent than the 58 proximal ones.
No Web site was statistically better than the condition average for childhood asthma and obesity.
Overall, exacerbations were more prevalent than Community-acquired pneumonia.
However, the percentage of women having non-erosive reflux disease  was higher than that of men having non-erosive reflux disease .
Hand reaction times were longer for the choice reaction time than for the simple reaction time . 
